Here I go over the main design choices I made and some problems encountered in implementation.

The major design choice I made was: fixed size array of 20 packets for the sending buffer and receving buffer aqnd keeping the three way handshake in a while loop. This is because I found it easier to work with in C in comparison to something like a linked list or dynamic allocation. Although a dynamic allocation or linked list would be better in terms of fitting more packets, the breadth of the project only really necessitated a fixed size array. Therefore, given the ease of usage, I decided to use this. Initially, I kept the three way handshake outside of the loop, but this required the server to be started first. In order to account for this I kept the handshake in a while loop so that the client will keep sending until  the server connects, and then the handshake proceeds in accordance with the algorithm.

Some major problems I encountered were segmentation faults. This is because I was accessing addresses out of the size of my buffers. This was mainly due to the fact that I was incrementing my buffer pointers under conditions that were incorrect. Fixing this problem was just a matter of testing in docker. Another issue I had was with interactions between my server/client and a reference server/client. These interactions resulted in receiving 0 bits on my side, so the problem was with the three way hadnshake. I had to implement the correct incrementation of my sequence numbers. Another major issue I had was that my receiving buffer on each side was over filling too fast. This was becasue I was not checking if the received packets were already processed or not (so I was putting in duplicate packets).
